from BookAPI.models import BookData
book1 = BookData(name='The Great Gatsby', category='Historical Fiction', description='''The Great Gatsby, F. Scott Fitzgerald’s third book, stands as the supreme achievement 
of his career. First published in 1925, this quintessential novel of the Jazz Age has been 
acclaimed by generations of readers. The story of the mysteriously wealthy Jay Gatsby 
and his love for the beautiful Daisy Buchanan, of lavish parties on Long Island at a time 
when The New York Times noted “gin was the national drink and sex the national 
obsession,” it is an exquisitely crafted tale of America in the 1920s.''', rating='7.86', image='The Great Gatsby.jpg')
book2 = BookData(name='To Kill a Mockingbird', category='Historical Fiction', description='''A lawyer's advice to his children as he defends the real mockingbird of Harper Lee's 
classic novel - a black man charged with the rape of a white girl. Through the young 
eyes of Scout and Jem Finch, Harper Lee explores with exuberant humour the 
irrationality of adult attitudes to race and class in the Deep South of the 1930s. The 
conscience of a town steeped in prejudice, violence and hypocrisy is pricked by the 
stamina of one man's struggle for justice. But the weight of history will only tolerate so 
much.''', rating='8.52', image='To Kill A Mockingbird.jpg')
book3 = BookData(name='Lord of the Flies', category='Fiction', description='''At the dawn of the next world war, a plane crashes on an uncharted island, stranding a 
group of schoolboys. At first, with no adult supervision, their freedom is something to 
celebrate; this far from civilization the boys can do anything they want. Anything. They 
attempt to forge their own society, failing, however, in the face of terror, sin and evil. And 
as order collapses, as strange howls echo in the night, as terror begins its reign, the 
hope of adventure seems as far from reality as the hope of being rescued. Labeled a 
parable, an allegory, a myth, a morality tale, a parody, a political treatise, even a vision of 
the apocalypse, Lord of the Flies is perhaps our most memorable novel about “the end of 
innocence, the darkness of man’s heart.”''', rating='7.4', image='Lord Of The Flies.jpg')
book4 = BookData(name='The Outsiders', category='Historical Fiction', description='''No one ever said life was easy. But Ponyboy is pretty sure that he's got things figured 
out. He knows that he can count on his brothers, Darry and Sodapop. And he knows that 
he can count on his friends - true friends who would do anything for him, like Johnny and 
Two-Bit. And when it comes to the beating up on "greasers" like him and his friends - he 
knows that he can count on them for trouble. But one night someone takes things too far, 
and Ponyboy's world is turned upside down…''', rating='8.28', image='The Outsiders.jpg')
book5 = BookData(name='The Boys in the Boat', category='Nonfiction', description='''was an unlikely quest from the start. With a team composed of the sons of loggers, 
shipyard workers, and farmers, the University of Washington’s eight-oar crew team was 
never expected to defeat the elite teams of the East Coast and Great Britain, yet they 
did, going on to shock the world by defeating the German team rowing for Adolf Hitler. 
The emotional heart of the tale lies with Joe Rantz, a teenager without family or 
prospects, who rows not only to regain his shattered self-regard but also to find a real 
place for himself in the world. Drawing on the boys’ own journals and vivid memories of a 
once-in-a-lifetime shared dream, Brown has created an unforgettable portrait of an era, a 
celebration of a remarkable achievement, and a chronicle of one extraordinary young 
man’s personal quest.''', rating='4.39', image='The Boys In The Boat.jpg')
book6 = BookData(name='Harry Potter and the Sorcerer’s Stone', category='Fantasy', description='''Harry Potter has never even heard of Hogwarts when the letters start dropping on the 
doormat at number four, Privet Drive. Addressed in green ink on yellowish parchment 
with a purple seal, they are swiftly confiscated by his grisly aunt and uncle. Then, on 
Harry's eleventh birthday, a great beetle-eyed giant of a man called Rubeus Hagrid 
bursts in with some astonishing news: Harry Potter is a wizard, and he has a place at 
Hogwarts School of Witchcraft and Wizardry. An incredible adventure is about to begin! 
''', rating='8.94', image='Harry Potter And The Sorcerers Stone.jpg')
book7 = BookData(name='The Hunger Games', category='Fantasy', description='''In the ruins of a place once known as North America lies the nation of Panem, a shining 
Capitol surrounded by twelve outlying districts. The Capitol is harsh and cruel and keeps 
the districts in line by forcing them all to send one boy and one girl between the ages of 
twelve and eighteen to participate in the annual Hunger Games, a fight to the death on 
live TV. 
Sixteen-year-old Katniss Everdeen regards it as a death sentence when she steps 
forward to take her sister's place in the Games. But Katniss has been close to dead 
before-and survival, for her, is second nature. Without really meaning to, she becomes a 
contender. But if she is to win, she will have to start making choices that weigh survival 
against humanity and life against love.''', rating='8.7', image='The Hunger Games.jpg')
book8 = BookData(name='The Maze Runner', category='Science Fiction', description='''If you ain’t scared, you ain’t human. 
When Thomas wakes up in the lift, the only thing he can remember is his name. He’s 
surrounded by strangers—boys whose memories are also gone. 
Nice to meet ya, shank. Welcome to the Glade. 
Outside the towering stone walls that surround the Glade is a limitless, ever-changing 
maze. It’s the only way out—and no one’s ever made it through alive. 
Everything is going to change. 
Then a girl arrives. The first girl ever. And the message she delivers is terrifying. 
Remember. Survive. Run.''', rating='8.1', image='The Maze Runner.jpg')
book9 = BookData(name='Frankenstein', category='Science Fiction', description='''Obsessed with creating life itself, Victor Frankenstein plunders graveyards for the 
material to fashion a new being, which he shocks into life with electricity. But his botched 
creature, rejected by Frankenstein and denied human companionship, sets out to 
destroy his maker and all that he holds dear. Mary Shelley's chilling Gothic tale was 
conceived when she was only eighteen, living with her lover Percy Shelley near Byron's 
villa on Lake Geneva. It would become the world's most famous work of horror fiction, 
and remains a devastating exploration of the limits of human creativity''', rating='7.78', image='Frankenstein.jpg')
book10 = BookData(name='Hatchet', category='Fiction', description='''Brian had been distraught over his parents' impending divorce and the secret he carries 
about his mother, but now he is truly desolate and alone. Exhausted, terrified, and 
hungry, Brian struggles to find food and make a shelter for himself. He has no special 
knowledge of the woods, and he must find a new kind of awareness and patience as he 
meets each day's challenges. Is the water safe to drink? Are the berries he finds 
poisonous? ''', rating='7.58', image='Hatchet.jpg')
book11 = BookData(name='The Call of the Wild', category='Fiction', description='''The Call of the Wild is an adventure novel by Jack London, published in 1903 and set in 
Yukon, Canada, during the 1890s Klondike Gold Rush, when strong sled dogs were in 
high demand. The central character of the novel is a dog named Buck. ''', rating='7.82', image='The Call Of The Wild.jpg')
book12 = BookData(name='The Lightning Thief', category='Fiction', description='''Percy Jackson is a good kid, but he can't seem to focus on his schoolwork or control his 
temper. And lately, being away at boarding school is only getting worse - Percy could 
have sworn his pre-algebra teacher turned into a monster and tried to kill him. When 
Percy's mom finds out, she knows it's time that he knew the truth about where he came 
from, and that he go to the one place he'll be safe. She sends Percy to Camp Half Blood, 
a summer camp for demigods (on Long Island), where he learns that the father he never 
knew is Poseidon, God of the Sea. Soon a mystery unfolds and together with his 
friends—one a satyr and the other the demigod daughter of Athena - Percy sets out on a 
quest across the United States to reach the gates of the Underworld (located in a 
recording studio in Hollywood) and prevent a catastrophic war between the gods.''', rating='8.62', image='The Lightning Thief.jpg')
book13 = BookData(name='IT', category='Horror', description='''It began for the Losers on a day in June of 1958, the day school let out for the summer. 
That was the day Henry Bowers carved the first letter of his name on Ben Hanscom's 
belly and chased him into the Barrens, the day Henry and his Neanderthal friends beat 
up on Stuttering Bill Denbrough and Eddie Kaspbrak, the day Stuttering Bill had to save 
Eddie from his worst asthma attack ever by riding his bike to beat the devil. It ended in 
August, with seven desperate children in search of a creature of unspeakable evil in the 
drains beneath Derry. In search of It. And somehow it ended. 
Or so they thought. Then. 
On a spring night in 1985 Mike Hanlon, once one of those children, makes six calls. Stan 
Uris, accountant. Richie "Records" Tozier, L.A. disc jockey. Ben Hanscom, renowned 
architect. Beverly Rogan, dress designer. Eddie Kaspbrak, owner of a successful New 
York limousine company. And Bill Denbrough, bestselling writer of horror novels, Bill 
Denbrough who now only stutters in his dreams. 
These six men and one woman have forgotten their childhoods,have forgotten the time 
when they were Losers...but an unremembered promise draws them back, the present 
begins to rhyme dreadfully with the past, and when the Losers reunite, the wheels of fate 
lock together and roll them towards the ultimate terror. 
In the biggest and most ambitious book of his career, Stephen King gives us not only his 
most towering epic of horror but a surprising re-illumination of the corridor where we 
pass from the bright mysteries of childhood to those of maturity.''', rating='8.48', image='IT.jpg')
book14 = BookData(name='The Hobbit', category='Fantasy', description='''In a hole in the ground there lived a hobbit. Not a nasty, dirty, wet hole, filled with the 
ends of worms and an oozy smell, nor yet a dry, bare, sandy hole with nothing in it to sit 
down on or to eat: it was a hobbit-hole, and that means comfort. 
Written for J.R.R. Tolkien’s own children, The Hobbit met with instant critical acclaim 
when it was first published in 1937. Now recognized as a timeless classic, this 
introduction to the hobbit Bilbo Baggins, the wizard Gandalf, Gollum, and the spectacular 
world of Middle-earth recounts of the adventures of a reluctant hero, a powerful and 
dangerous ring, and the cruel dragon Smaug the Magnificent. The text in this 372-page 
paperback edition is based on that first published in Great Britain by Collins Modern 
Classics (1998), and includes a note on the text by Douglas A. Anderson (2001).''', rating='8.60', image='The Hobbit.jpg')
book15 = BookData(name='A Game of Thrones', category='Fantasy', description='''Long ago, in a time forgotten, a preternatural event threw the seasons out of balance. In 
a land where summers can last decades and winters a lifetime, trouble is brewing. The 
cold is returning, and in the frozen wastes to the north of Winterfell, sinister forces are 
massing beyond the kingdom’s protective Wall. To the south, the king’s powers are 
failing—his most trusted adviser dead under mysterious circumstances and his enemies 
emerging from the shadows of the throne. At the center of the conflict lie the Starks of 
Winterfell, a family as harsh and unyielding as the frozen land they were born to. Now 
Lord Eddard Stark is reluctantly summoned to serve as the king’s new Hand, an 
appointment that threatens to sunder not only his family but the kingdom itself. 
Sweeping from a harsh land of cold to a summertime kingdom of epicurean plenty, A 
Game of Thrones tells a tale of lords and ladies, soldiers and sorcerers, assassins and 
bastards, who come together in a time of grim omens. Here an enigmatic band of 
warriors bear swords of no human metal; a tribe of fierce wildlings carry men off into 
madness; a cruel young dragon prince barters his sister to win back his throne; a child is 
lost in the twilight between life and death; and a determined woman undertakes a 
treacherous journey to protect all she holds dear. Amid plots and counter-plots, tragedy 
and betrayal, victory and terror, allies and enemies, the fate of the Starks hangs 
perilously in the balance, as each side endeavors to win that deadliest of conflicts: the 
game of thrones.''', rating='8.9', image='A Game Of Thrones.jpg')
book16 = BookData(name='The Hound of the Baskervilles', category='Mystery', description='''In this, one of the most famous of Doyle's mysteries, the tale of an ancient curse and a 
savage ghostly hound comes frighteningly to life. The gray towers of Baskerville Hall and 
the wild open country of Dartmoor will haunt the reader as Holmes and Watson seek to 
unravel the many secrets of the misty English bogs. ''', rating='8.2', image='The Hound Of The Baskervilles.jpg')
book17 = BookData(name='The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe', category='Fantasy', description='''They open a door and enter a world NARNIA...the land beyond the wardrobe, the secret 
country known only to Peter, Susan, Edmund, and Lucy...the place where the adventure 
begins. Lucy is the first to find the secret of the wardrobe in the professor's mysterious 
old house. At first, no one believes her when she tells of her adventures in the land of 
Narnia. But soon Edmund and then Peter and Susan discover the Magic and meet 
Aslan, the Great Lion, for themselves. In the blink of an eye, their lives are changed 
forever.''', rating='8.4', image='The Lion, the Witch and the Wardrobe.jpg')
book18 = BookData(name='The Bad Beginning', category='Mystery', description='''Dear Reader, 
I'm sorry to say that the book you are holding in your hands is extremely unpleasant. It 
tells an unhappy tale about three very unlucky children. Even though they are charming 
and clever, the Baudelaire siblings lead lives filled with misery and woe. From the very 
first page of this book when the children are at the beach and receive terrible news, 
continuing on through the entire story, disaster lurks at their heels. One might say they 
are magnets for misfortune. 
In this short book alone, the three youngsters encounter a greedy and repulsive villain, 
itchy clothing, a disastrous fire, a plot to steal their fortune, and cold porridge for 
breakfast. 
It is my sad duty to write down these unpleasant tales, but there is nothing stopping you 
from putting this book down at once and reading something happy, if you prefer that sort 
of thing. 
With all due respect, 
Lemony Snicket ''', rating='8.04', image='The Bad Beginning.jpg')
book19 = BookData(name='Diary of a Wimpy Kid: Dog Days', category='Fiction', description='''It’s summer vacation, the weather’s great, and all the kids are having fun outside. So 
where’s Greg Heffley? Inside his house, playing video games with the shades drawn. 
Greg, a self-confessed "indoor person,” is living out his ultimate summer fantasy: no 
responsibilities and no rules. But Greg’s mom has a different vision for an ideal summer . 
. . one packed with outdoor activities and "family togetherness.” 
Whose vision will win out? Or will a new addition to the Heffley family change 
everything?''', rating='8.34', image='Dog Days.jpg')
book20 = BookData(name='Green Eggs and Ham', category='Fiction', description='''“Do you like green eggs and ham?” asks Sam-I-am in this Beginner Book by Dr. Seuss. 
In a house or with a mouse? In a boat or with a goat? On a train or in a tree? Sam keeps 
asking persistently. With unmistakable characters and signature rhymes, Dr. Seuss’s 
beloved favorite has cemented its place as a children’s classic. In this most famous of 
cumulative tales, the list of places to enjoy green eggs and ham, and friends to enjoy 
them with, gets longer and longer. Follow Sam-I-am as he insists that this unusual treat 
is indeed a delectable snack to be savored everywhere and in every way. 
Originally created by Dr. Seuss, Beginner Books encourage children to read all by 
themselves, with simple words and illustrations that give clues to their meaning.''', rating='8.6', image='Green Eggs And Ham.jpg')

book_list = [book1, book2, book3, book4, book5, book6, book7, book8, book9, book10, book11, book12, book13, book14, book15, book16, book17, book18, book19, book20]
for x in book_list:
	x.save()

BookData.objects.all().values()
